damn here so I've asked myself
but I did explain until death
university of texas and yes that was
Prince but I'm not anymore
ziganda has been prophesied that you will be a
great man who will save all
living beings of suffering
give up everything and you will become
monk apprentice you must complete all
the teachings I greet you my name is
siddharta without fail you must be the
Prince of the Czech Republic
now I must head towards the jungle of
ur candle to spend there a few years I hope
find a way to escape the fear of
death
I can not think only of me and leave
those who suffer
fat woman
quite
I have made one with nature
you have reached enlightenment
and now you are